hello can cream here CC for short and
today I would like to talk to you about
the elements of harmony or to be exact
just who else could embody their spirit
what if the main six ever fell in battle
what if they'd never met in the first
place which other equestrian residents
could take up their place I would like
to answer that question for you and give
you my choices for the secondary six
before we begin let me throw up a little
disclaimer so in the characters I will
be listing have had little to no real
development within the Canon show so
instead I will be basing their
personalities and traits off of a cobble
together persona generally agreed upon
or at least popular than the brony
community we've got some big horseshoes
here to fill so without any further ado
let's get the list and first out of the
gate is loyalty for this we have to look
towards a pony that places the
well-being of those around him first
someone who is both courageous and
strong and for this I see no better
choice than Twilight Zone BB BFF shining
armor having already been shown to be a
loving committed brother shining must
also possess an equal dedication to his
fellow soldiers to so quickly advance in
the ranks to captain of the Royal Guard
during the events of both a Canterlot
wedding and crystal Empire shining armor
works fiercely to protect the ponies of
both kingdoms against the threats
presented against them pushing himself
to his very brink in the process what
makes him more impressive is that he's
not risking his life for just a friend
or loved one but for hundreds of ponies
boats of whom he has never met and never
will as both captain of the guard and
prince of the crystal Empire he has made
a pledge to protect his people every
time we see him he is going above and
beyond that call shining armor who would
not abandon his kingdom to save his own
life represents the spirit of loyalty
are you crying
of course not it's it's liquid pride
how about generosity which Pony gives
the most of themselves for the
betterment of others without expecting a
thing in return
ladies and gentlemen I present to you my
choice miss Cheerilee Cheerilee lives
and breathes for her students that she
says as much herself she's heavily
invested in the growth and nurturing of
her class loving and caring for them all
equally despite knowing that each and
every one of them will eventually grow
up and leave her behind this does not
deter her even her cutie mark symbolizes
her passion for what she does she's
really that one great teacher that every
student should have in their lives miss
Cheerilee who selflessly gives her all
to each and every foal that passes
through her doors represents a spirit of
generosity I have lots of good friends
and wonderful students who care about me
very much what of laughter now you're
gonna have to bear with me on this one
but for the element of laughter I want
to point to the one the only Vinyl
Scratch do i vinyl I don't think the
element of laughter in a literal sense
to me it means to bring happiness to
those around you while vital might not
go around personally trying to brighten
up everypony she comes across she does
matches pinkies bombastic personality
only in a different way less the kooky
did said more of the showman she has an
undying passion for music and desire to
make everypony in her audience feel
alive like pinky he brings a party
that's open for all only hers comes
packed with a bit more punch and besides
what other Pony can match pinky with her
very own personal cannon Vinyl Scratch
who banished loneliness by making
everypony one with the music represents
the spirit of laughter all right
everypony take a seat I got this next
honesty who among the Pony population is
and always has been the truest both
themselves and to others for this I put
my vote in for the stallion stud himself
Big Mac a soft-spoken man but I don't
think Mac even knows how to tell a lie
and while he may keep most of his
answers to a simple yep or a nope when
he does talk it's because he has
something very important to say Big Mac
is the kind of pony who would always
tell you what you need to hear maybe not
always what you want what you need
whenever he's put into a situation where
he knows the truth will sting he tends
to get very nervous his good heart being
put at odds with his good intent
honesty it seems just runs in the Apple
family
big Macintosh who never waivered and
listening to his heart represents a
spirit of honesty how do you like them
happy next kindness and for this element
the clear choice for me has to be Derpy
Hooves or ditzy Doo if you prefer I
don't if there's one universal truth
I've seen presented with derpy and her
fan reincarnations that she always
thinks with her heart and has a near
bottomless capacity for love despite or
perhaps because of her own physical
disability
derpy has learned to accept other ponies
for who they are she treats everyone
around her with respect and gives them
the benefit of the doubt she is a type
of pony who can always be counted on to
have a soft smile and a kind word you
need it the most always smiling always
trying her best always striving forward
derpy who sees the good inside of every
pony represents the spirit of kindness
and last but not least the one element
to rule them all magic for this we need
a very specific pony a pony who
understands the ins and outs of magic a
pony who has experienced the best and
worst of it a pony with more than a few
shall we say tricks up her sleeve for
the element of magic we need a pony who
is a zebra for the element of magic I
choose Zecora now I hear you saying but
can cream you magnificent gift from
heaven
how can Sakura represent magic when
she's neither a pony nor a unicorn well
let me tell you it's because the Korra
understands magic think about it when
even Twilight herself has a question
about magic that she doesn't understand
who is the person she turns to for help
and she usually has the answer look at
the vast scale her power and her
knowledge of what she does Sakura was
not born into this like Twilight was do
you learned it all by herself getting a
mastery that could possibly rival most
unicorns even though she does not have
direct access to Equestria's magic she
has found a way to work with it if you
want somepony that represents the very
essence of magic itself Sakura has to be
that person so there you have it
your new Elements of Harmony Ross
sir shining armor miss Cheerilee Vinyl
Scratch big macintosh Derpy Hooves
and Zecora your living embodiment of
loyalty generosity laughter honesty
kindness magic what do you think which
characters could represent the elements
of harmony outside the main six post
your own list below and let me know what
you think while you're at it subscribe
to my channel just like all the cool
kids are doing thank you very much for
watching and as always stay pony my
friends